README.md, before:

# <div align="left">![bloom banner](src/images/design_elements/project-bloom-banner.svg) </div>

### `“Helping you blossom into your next career”`

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🔎 Description 🔍

<p>The economic toll of the COVID-19 pandemic is expected to leave more than 140 million people out of work and another 1.6 billion at risk of income loss -- with low-income workers, women and underrepresented communities the hardest hit.</p>
<p>Our job searching application will be an easy platform for tech professionals that have been laid off or looking for new growth opportunities in other companies to search for roles according to specific technologies and roles within tech. The goal is to make the job searching process more streamlined and time efficient for tech workers. We will help decrease the amount of time it takes to find relevant roles for the technologies or skills one is proficient in so that they don’t have to sift through roles that don't apply to them. Other features include: two search bars and 5 roles in the vicinity of the job seeker.
</p>

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🛠 Wireframing 🛠 </div>
[App Concepts](https://www.figma.com/file/ag4FxZ6ylZVhcD11s4rNpN/Project-Bloom?node-id=17%3A202)
| Logo                                                         |                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| ![bloom Icon](src/images/logos/project-bloom-logo-small.svg) | ![bloom Logo](src/images/logos/project-bloom-logo.svg) |
| icon                                                         | logo                                                   |

| Fonts                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| ![bloom Fonts](src/images/design_elements/project-bloom-fonts.svg) |


| Mockups                                                                                 |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![bloom mobile](src/images/Wireframing_and_maping/project-bloom-native-mobile-view.svg) |
| Mobile/ Native                                                                          |

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🖇 Component Hierarchy 🖇  </div>
[App Component Hierarchy](https://whimsical.com/project-bloom-Eypnmjf9Diz6WejykobjSM@2Ux7TurymMwgkHyMFSAA)

| ![bloom Component Hierarchy](src/images/Wireframing_and_maping/project-bloom-component-map.png) |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| component hierarchy                                                                             |

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🗄 API 🗄 </div>

| API                                                                                       | Description                                                                  |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![GitHub Jobs logo](src/images/logos/github-jobs-logo.png)](https://jobs.github.com/api) | The GitHub Jobs API allows you to search, and view jobs with JSON over HTTP. |

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🏆 MVP 🏆</div>
> - Search Bar
> - Locations near me
> - Light/Dark Mode

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🔮 Post-MVP 🔮 </div>
> - Saving Jobs to Favorite Local Storage (heart or star)
> - Advanced search using another job API, includes internships,apprenticeships, externships etc
> - Job recommendations based on a technology you know 
> - Virtual hiring Events tab
> - Blog with relevant job prep articles
> - Diversity focus to match diverse candidates in tech roles
> - Search bar autocomplete to save time when looking for roles

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 📠 Contact 📠</div>

| Angel B.Fernandez                                                                                                                                                                 | David Espinal                                                                                                                                                                    | Quiana C. Berry                                                                                                                                                                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [![LinkedIn](src/images/logos/linkedin-logo.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/angelbienvenidofernandez/) [![GitHub](src/images/logos/github-logo.svg)](https://github.com/Avixph) | [![LinkedIn](src/images/logos/linkedin-logo.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-espinal-28b91a1b7/) [![GitHub](src/images/logos/github-logo.svg)](https://github.com/DEsp04) | [![LinkedIn](src/images/logos/linkedin-logo.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/quiana-c-berry-b727a7143/) [![GitHub](src/images/logos/github-logo.svg)](https://github.com/berryq460) |
|                                                                                                                                                                                   |                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Commit message:

revised readme with new api

README.md, after:

# <div align="left">![bloom banner](src/images/design_elements/project-bloom-banner.svg) </div>

### `“Helping you blossom into your next career”`

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🔎 Description 🔍

<p>The economic toll of the COVID-19 pandemic is expected to leave more than 140 million people out of work and another 1.6 billion at risk of income loss -- with low-income workers, women and underrepresented communities the hardest hit.</p>
<p>Our job searching application will be an easy platform for tech professionals that have been laid off or looking for new growth opportunities in other companies to search for roles according to specific technologies and roles within tech. The goal is to make the job searching process more streamlined and time efficient for tech workers. We will help decrease the amount of time it takes to find relevant roles for the technologies or skills one is proficient in so that they don’t have to sift through roles that don't apply to them. Other features include: two search bars and 5 roles in the vicinity of the job seeker.
</p>

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🛠 Wireframing 🛠 </div>
[App Concepts](https://www.figma.com/file/ag4FxZ6ylZVhcD11s4rNpN/Project-Bloom?node-id=17%3A202)
| Logo                                                         |                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| ![bloom Icon](src/images/logos/project-bloom-logo-small.svg) | ![bloom Logo](src/images/logos/project-bloom-logo.svg) |
| icon                                                         | logo                                                   |

| Fonts                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| ![bloom Fonts](src/images/design_elements/project-bloom-fonts.svg) |


| Mockups                                                                                 |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![bloom mobile](src/images/Wireframing_and_maping/project-bloom-native-mobile-view.svg) |
| Mobile/ Native                                                                          |

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🖇 Component Hierarchy 🖇  </div>
[App Component Hierarchy](https://whimsical.com/project-bloom-Eypnmjf9Diz6WejykobjSM@2Ux7TurymMwgkHyMFSAA)

| ![bloom Component Hierarchy](src/images/Wireframing_and_maping/project-bloom-component-map.png) |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| component hierarchy                                                                             |

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🗄 API 🗄 </div>

| API                                                                                                           | Description                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![Remotive Job API logo](src/images/logos/remotive-job-api-logo.svg)](https://remotive.io/api-documentation) | The Remotive Job API allows you to retrieve jobs based on category, company name, and searches. |

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🏆 MVP 🏆</div>
> - Search Bar
> - Locations near me
> - Light/Dark Mode

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 🔮 Post-MVP 🔮 </div>
> - Saving Jobs to Favorite Local Storage (heart or star)
> - Advanced search using another job API, includes internships,apprenticeships, externships etc
> - Job recommendations based on a technology you know 
> - Virtual hiring Events tab
> - Blog with relevant job prep articles
> - Diversity focus to match diverse candidates in tech roles
> - Search bar autocomplete to save time when looking for roles

## <div align="left" style='color: #240046'> 📠 Contact 📠</div>

| Angel B.Fernandez                                                                                                                                                                 | David Espinal                                                                                                                                                                    | Quiana C. Berry                                                                                                                                                                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [![LinkedIn](src/images/logos/linkedin-logo.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/angelbienvenidofernandez/) [![GitHub](src/images/logos/github-logo.svg)](https://github.com/Avixph) | [![LinkedIn](src/images/logos/linkedin-logo.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-espinal-28b91a1b7/) [![GitHub](src/images/logos/github-logo.svg)](https://github.com/DEsp04) | [![LinkedIn](src/images/logos/linkedin-logo.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/quiana-c-berry-b727a7143/) [![GitHub](src/images/logos/github-logo.svg)](https://github.com/berryq460) |
|                                                                                                                                                                                   |                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                      |
